""""
word_groups = [ 
                "t120 The Supreme Court in Johnnesberg on Friday postponed until March 14 a hearing on a petition by government minister Winnie Mandela to prevent police reading documents seized from her home, the SAPA news agency reported. David Wright and Carlos Delgado homered and Jorge Sosa won for the sixth time as the New York Mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a 3-0 victory over Detroit on Friday night. US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday that Iran was not yet able to make a nuclear weapon and that its program was progressing slower than Tehran expected. A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded hotel dining room here Wednesday evening just as more than 200 people gathered for their Passover holiday meal, killing at least 19 and wounding more than 100 others, many of them children. OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia signalled Tuesday it could act alone to meet a predicted increase in demand for oil, as it pushed hesitant fellow members of the cartel to raise production quotas immediately. The most important form of political compromise in Iraq isn't among top Iraqi politicians in Baghdad, but at the local level, President Bush asserted Thursday, in a departure from past rhetoric on Iraqi politics. Nancy Smith likes the HBO series ``Sex and the City,'' but the high school drama teacher often can't be in front of the television on Sunday nights, when new episodes air. An exhibition opened here today to market the 50th anniversary of China sending its volunteers to join forces with the People's Army of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea (1950-53).",
                "t121 The IG Metall union has decided not to spread its metalworkers' pay strike to further firms in Bavaria Monday as earlier planned, the union's regional leader Werner Neugebauer said Friday. After 3 1/2 months of industry lobbying, congressional hearings and intensive Wall Street analysis, the American public will have a chance to weigh in on whether it thinks the proposed merger of the country's only two satellite radio companies is a good idea. Hungarians were voting Sunday in a general election that looked likely to bring the right-wing Fidesz party back to power, while giving the far-right Jobbik its first ticket into parliament. The French government has warned the United States that it might end its cooperation in the investigation of Zacarias Moussaoui, a French citizen who is the only person charged so far in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, if the United States seeks the death penalty in the case, U.S. More than 1,000 illegal immigrants have landed off Italy's southern coast in the past 24 hours and authorities said Tuesday they were expecting "over a thousand more". A San Bernardino County jury Thursday acquitted a former sheriff's deputy of attempted voluntary manslaughter for opening fire on an unarmed, off-duty Air Force police officer after a high-speed chase last year, a brutal shooting videotaped by a bystander and aired nationwide. As computers shrink from the size of an outhouse to the dimensions of a pack of cigarettes, inventors are hatching scads of uses for them. The Ministry of Culture has nominated eight songs to mark the 50th anniversary of the operations of the Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV) in the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea (1950-53).",
                "t122 Malaysia said Friday it had no plans to overregulate its emerging financial futures markets amid global concern over the financial derivatives fiasco, which wrecked British merchant bank Barings. Former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui reiterated that the island is independent of China, and slammed Beijing over its criticism of his visit to a Tokyo war shrine, as he wrapped up a visit to Japan on Saturday. Supporters of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, who was beaten into second place in a general election last month, lodged a protest on Sunday against what it said was its loss of 750,000 votes. EDMONTON, Alberta - No team dinners, no bonding sessions. The Los Angeles Kings say they aren't going to let two bad games spoil four good months. Sinn Fein, the Irish Republican Army's political wing, has no place in Northern Ireland politics, US Senator Ted Kennedy said Tuesday, explaining his refusal to meet this week with Gerry Adams, the group's leader. The gun that killed Lana Clarkson was in her hands and not in Phil Spector's, a defense expert insisted Thursday during a second day of testy cross-examination. President Bush, described as very upset about a Muslim intern being ordered out of the White House, issued an apology Friday for the incident. Tian Jiyun, a vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), has praised Shanghai for its new economic and social progress.",
                "t123 South Korea is redoubling its efforts behind Kim Chul-Su, Asia's candidate to head the new World Trade Organization (WTO), despite an American call to restart the entire selection process, foreign ministry sources said Friday. Former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui reiterated his stance that the island is independent of China, and slammed Beijing over its criticism of his visit to a Tokyo war shrine, as he wrapped up a visit to Japan on Saturday. A Polish military plane carrying home the body of President Lech Kaczynski from Russia was delayed Sunday, the country's defence ministry said. As awful as the news of priests forcing sex on altar boys is, to many of the faithful who sit in a pew each Sunday, the reaction of Roman Catholic Church leaders is even more shocking. After all, individual instances of sexual depravity are not unfamiliar to the church. In a historic ruling, the Danish Supreme Court on Tuesday decided to expel two young Turks, convicted of murdering an Italian tourist, from Denmark for life even though they have lived in the Scandinavian country their entire lives. President Alvaro Uribe on Thursday accused Colombia's largest rebel group of killing 11 civilian hostages, just hours after the guerrillas implied that a botched military rescue operation was to blame for the deaths. Premier Silvio Berlusconi's holding company, Fininvest SpA, on Friday denied the conservative media mogul falsified its financial accounts as alleged by prosecutors seeking to open a new case against Berlusconi. Taiwan stocks closed sharply higher on Friday, prompted by a strong rebound in U.S. stock prices, according to local media.",
                "t124 The Philippine subsidiary of US telecommunications firm AT and T Corp. will sign a 400 million-dollar supply contract with Thai-Philippine joint venture Isla Communications Co. Inc. (Islacom), an AT and T official said Friday. U.S. President George W. Bush says he will "be in listening mode" when he meets Pope Benedict XVI for the first time on Saturday. That is a good thing, because the Pope has a lot to say. Human Rights Watch called on Kuwaiti authorities on Sunday to stop arresting and deporting supporters of former UN nuclear chief Mohamed ElBaradei, now a leading champion of reform in Egypt. After an unusually mild flu season, Los Angeles County health officials said Wednesday that they've seen a sharp increase in illnesses strongly suspected to be Influenza B, especially among schoolchildren. The top international envoy in Bosnia, Paddy Ashdown, asked Moscow Tuesday to probe allegations that several Bosnian Serb war crimes fugitives are sheltering in Russia. Stephanie Usrey strode up to her local Wal-Mart store the other morning with the steely look of a boxer about to step into the ring. The Nasdaq Stock Market reported trading difficulties for the second day in a row Friday and extended regular trading by one hour. However, the systems failed again, delaying final prices and the compilation of Wall Street's major indexes. The five-day Fifth Macao International Trade and Investment Fair was launched Friday at the Macao Landmark Conference and Exhibition Center.",
                "t125 Taiwan announed Friday a ban on sales of Barings-issued overseas mutual funds in a bid to protect local investors following the collapse of the Britain's oldest merchant bank Barings plc. David Wright and Carlos Delgado homered and Jorge Sosa won for the sixth time as the New York Mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a 3-0 victory over Detroit on Friday night. European governments were set to nail down on Sunday the terms for possible emergency loans for debt-stricken Greece in an effort to calm investor fears that have caused the euro to plunge. NOBLE, Ga. - The recovery effort at Tri-State Crematory ended Wednesday and barring something unforeseen, the property could be returned to the Marsh family next week. A waiter living in London was charged on Tuesday with the murder of a pensioner with an axe the previous day in a posh area of the British capital, police said. President Bush began the week struggling to salvage his most important foreign and domestic initiatives: the war in Iraq and an overhaul of the nation's immigration laws. Antwaan Randle El has never played on a winning team and might not even be playing much at quarterback this season. Hong Kong stocks surged more than four percent on Friday as blue chip heavyweights reaped heavy gains on the back of a strong rebound in U.S. stock market.",
                "t126 The United States is considering reinforcing the contingent of 500 US troops in Macedonia out of concern the Balkans war might widen, National Security Adviser Anthony Lake said. David Wright and Carlos Delgado homered and Jorge Sosa won for the sixth time as the New York Mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a 3-0 victory over Detroit on Friday night. Defiant "Red Shirt" Thai protesters vowed Sunday to keep up their bid to topple the government, after the country's worst political violence in almost two decades left 21 dead and over 800 injured. ATLANTA - President Bush came to Atlanta on Wednesday with two fights on his hands _ the battle against terrorism and the November slugfest to retake the U.S. Senate from Democrats. Palestinians prepared Tuesday to take control of Jericho from Israel in the first of five West Bank security transfers, as Palestinian factions met in Cairo to discuss a formal ceasefire. Mary Ellen Solt, a poet and poetry critic who often arranged words on the page in a visual graphic, resulting in such works as ``Forsythia,'' a poem that looks like a flowering shrub, has died. She was 86. Sophia Witherspoon made a career-high seven 3-pointers and scored a season-high 26 points as the Portland Fire beat the Miami Sol 74-72 in overtime Friday. Procurators and judges of the Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) got together Friday to attend a solemn ceremony to mark the beginning of a new judicial year.",
                "t127 Portuguese authorities have been asked by UNESCO to temporarity suspend construction work on a dam as it is threatening hundreds of Stone Age engravings along the Coa river in northern Portugal, a weekly magazine reported Friday. A Malaysian court has ordered national flag-carrier Malaysia Airlines to pay an Indian man 20,000 ringgit (US$5,700; euro4,160) in damages for serving him meat on board, after he asked for a vegetarian meal, news reports said Saturday. Kyrgyzstan's interim government could use force against ousted President Kurmanbek Bakiyev if he tries to destabilise the country, a key interim official warned on Sunday. San Fernando Valley residents are more active and eat more vegetables than other Los Angeles County residents, according to a new Health Department study. Slovenian Foreign Minister and chairman of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Dimitrij Rupel on Tuesday condemned the bomb attack that narrowly missed Kosovo President Ibrahim Rugova, describing it as an attempt to stop the process of democratization in the UN-administered Serbian province. A former paramilitary soldier told a congressional panel Thursday that several U.S. companies provided financial support to illegal militias accused of killing Colombian civilians. Microsoft Corp. ruled out an antitrust settlement that would change its structure, putting the software giant on a collision course with the states that sued it and want a breakup to remain a possible penalty. The judicial organs of the Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) have been operating well since the founding of the SAR last December, top judicial officials said here Friday at a ceremony marking the beginning of new judicial year in Macao.",
                "t128 A 39-year-old man was assassinated here Friday in what authorities said was another hit by the Sicilian Mafia which in recent days has been blamed for several killings. Jared Borgetti and Nery Castillo both scored and prohibitive favorite Mexico survived an early scare from Cuba to win 2-1 Friday in the opening Gold Cup match for both sides. Liverpool owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett have brought in Barclays bank in a move that could lead to the sale of the club, according to a report on Sunday. In his state-of-the-tour address, Commissioner Ty Votaw of the LPGA said on Wednesday that he was optimistic about the future but realistic about the organization's need to promote its product aggressively. French rugby giants Clermont will have their third coach in under a year after announcing on Tuesday that France Under-21 handler Philippe Agostini will take over the hotseat in July. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Texas should not execute a severely mentally ill man because the man could not comprehend why he was going to be put to death. The Senate took modest steps Friday to curtail lawsuits under veto-threatened patients' rights legislation, but supporters expressed opposition to other changes that could significantly broaden support for the measure. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 1,947.45 points Friday, up 34.03 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co. Ltd.",
                "t129 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is to start his Middle East tour Wednesday with a brief visit to Egypt, the foreign ministry said Friday. In 1943, 17-year-old Eberhard Fuhr was taken out of his high school classroom in the Midwest, arrested by FBI agents, and sent off to an internment camp for "enemy aliens" in Texas, where he spent the next 4 1/2 years with his family. Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir voted on Sunday in the first multi-party polls of his two-decade rule, but the election was marred by an opposition boycott, fraud allegations and logistical problems. Jim Brown is on the telephone from Ventura County Jail in California, and the sense of irony does not escape him. Normally when Brown, a Hall of Fame running back, steps into a prison, he is counseling inmates, preparing them for the day their sentences end and they attempt Israeli President Moshe Katsav said Tuesday that the world was facing the worst anti-Semitism in 60 years, but offered praise to European leaders who stand up to the menace. He looked uncharacteristically dejected as he approached the lectern, fiddling with papers as he talked and avoiding the sort of winking eye contact he often makes with reporters. And then President Bush did something he almost never does: He admitted defeat. The Nasdaq Stock Market reported trading difficulties for the second day in a row Friday and extended regular trading by one hour. However, the systems failed again, delaying final prices and the compilation of Wall Street's major indexes. According to the foreign trade data for September, deficit in July-September constituted 22.88 percent of the total exports. This is slightly better than during the comparable period of 1999, when the ratio of deficit to exports was over 25 percent.",
                "t140 The commander of the United Nations Command (UNC) has protested at the North Korean expulsion of Polish peace monitors in a personal letter to the North's leader Kim Jong-Il, the UNC said here Friday. Officials fearing a fuel spill rushed to inspect a beached coal freighter for possible leaks Saturday as emergency crews began cleaning up after a wild storm lashed Australia's east coast, killing at least five people. Thailand's worst political clashes in 18 years have underscored a deep divide between its rich and poor and left its embattled premier with no easy way out of the crisis, analysts said. Orlando Hernandez was suspicious on Wednesday when asked about the tightness in his right elbow. He objected to the questions but finally offered one answer through an interpreter: ``I felt a little tired, some tightness and asked for two more days.'' He refused to take follow-up questions. US regulators filed civil fraud charges Tuesday against former Qwest chairman and chief executive Joseph Nacchio and eight others, alleging a scheme to vastly inflate the finances of the telecom giant. South Americans were raising crops at least 10,000 years ago, about 5,000 years earlier than previously thought and nearly contemporary with the emergence of agriculture in the Old World, based on new ages obtained for agricultural samples excavated from the Andes 20 years ago. Researchers have discovered what they believe is the cause of blood pressure problems in patients suffering cirrhosis, potentially a first step in slowing the disease. The Shenzhen Composite Index rose 8.73 points or 1.47 percent to 602.25 points on Friday. The sub-index ended at 4,611.98 points, up 130.92 points or 2.92 percent from last Friday's close.",
                "t141 Malaysia said Friday it was ready to defy a timetable proposed by the United States for free trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific by 2020. Deanna Nolan scored 17 points and Swin Cash added 14 to lead the defending WNBA champion Detroit to a 67-57 victory over the New York Liberty on Friday. The body of Polish president Lech Kaczynski was Sunday put on a plane to be sent to Warsaw, in the presence of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, an AFP correspondent reported. Robert A. Durst's lawyer told a Texas judge Wednesday that Durst, a member of the Manhattan real estate family who is accused of killing an elderly neighbor in Galveston, had acted in self-defense during an encounter with the neighbor. Collated results from the second day of the 2005 World Figure Skating Championships at the Palace of Sports Luzhniki on Tuesday: Leftist rebels announced Thursday that 11 state legislators they kidnapped five years ago were killed last week, allegedly in a botched rescue attempt by an unidentified ``military group.'' Bone marrow transplants have brought new hope to leukemia patients in recent years. Sometimes, though, the graft fails after a battle between the patient's body and the new tissue. Chinese treasuries extended mild rises, led up by two bonds listed before 1999, 000696 and 009704. However, the transaction value on the market stays narrow through this week.",
                ]
"""

wortgruppen = [
                "t120 the lazy cat plays ball",
                "t121 lazy cat play not ball",
                "t122 cat jumps over the fence",
                "t123 cat jumps under the car",
                "t124 cat jumps over the car",
                "t125 cat jumps over the car",
                "t126 the quick fox jumps high",
                "t127 quick fox runs in circles",
                "t128 fox jumps over the wall",
                "t129 fox hides behind the tree",
                "t130 fox runs across the field",
                "t131 fox chases after the bird",
                "t132 the brown bear roars loud",
                "t133 brown bear fishes in river",
                "t134 bear climbs up the tree",
                "t135 bear sleeps in the cave",
                "t136 bear hunts for some food",
                "t137 bear explores the forest",
                "t138 the wise owl hoots softly",
                "t139 wise owl hunts at night",
                "t140 owl flies silently in sky",
                "t141 owl rests on the branch",
                "t142 owl watches over the mice",
                "t143 owl preys on the insects",
                "t144 the black crow caws loud",
                "t145 black crow searches for food",
                "t146 crow perches on the fence",
                "t147 crow pecks at the garbage",
                "t148 crow steals shiny objects",
                "t149 crow flies away swiftly"
                ]